docs: shared preload libraries & pg_search update (#3374)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/extensions/pg-extensions.md

## Extensions with preloaded libraries

A preloaded library in Postgres is a shared library that must be loaded into memory when the Postgres server starts. These libraries are specified in your Postgres server's startup configuration using the `shared_preload_libraries` parameter and cannot be added dynamically after the server has started.

Some Postgres extensions require preloaded libraries but most do not. Neon Postgres servers preload libraries for certain extensions by default. You can view **currently enabled** libraries by running the following command. 

```sql shouldWrap
SHOW shared_preload_libraries;
neon,pg_stat_statements,timescaledb,pg_cron,pg_partman_bgw,rag_bge_small_en_v15,rag_jina_reranker_v1_tiny_en
```

### Viewing available libraries

You can view **available** libraries by running [List preloaded libraries](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getavailablepreloadlibraries) API:

```bash
curl --request GET \
     --url https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/projects/your_project_id/available_preload_libraries \
     --header 'accept: application/json' \
     --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY'
```

> The response body lists available libraries and whether the libraries are preloaded by default. Response body attributes include:

Author: ```suggestion
The response body lists available libraries and whether the libraries are enabled by default. Response body attributes include:
```

      "is_default": true,
      "is_experimental": false,
      "version": "2.13.0"
    },
    {
      "library_name": "pg_cron",
      "description": "pg_cron is a cron-like job scheduler for PostgreSQL.",
      "is_default": true,
      "is_experimental": false,
      "version": "1.6.4"
    },
    {
      "library_name": "pg_partman_bgw",
      "description": "pg_partman_bgw is a background worker for pg_partman.",
      "is_default": true,
      "is_experimental": false,
      "version": "5.1.0"
    },
    {
      "library_name": "rag_bge_small_en_v15,rag_jina_reranker_v1_tiny_en",
      "description": "Shared libraries for pgrag extensions",
      "is_default": true,
      "is_experimental": true,
      "version": "0.0.0"
    },
    {
      "library_name": "ulid",
      "description": "pgx_ulid is a PostgreSQL extension for ULID generation.",
      "is_default": false,
      "is_experimental": false,
      "version": "0.1.5"
    },
    {
      "library_name": "pg_search",
      "description": "pg_search: Full text search for PostgreSQL using BM25",
      "is_default": false,
      "is_experimental": false,
      "version": "0.15.12"
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

> Important notes about preloaded libraries for Postgres extensions:

Author: ```suggestion
Important notes about libraries for Postgres extensions:
```

> - Available libraries and the ones Neon enables by default may differ by Postgres version

Author: ```suggestion
- Available libraries and those enabled by default may differ by Postgres version
```

- Neon does not enable libraries for all extensions that have them

### Enabling preloaded libraries

> You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the  specified libraries. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the specified libraries for the Neon project. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).
```

> You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the  `pg_search` extension library. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the  specified libraries. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).
```

> You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the library for the `pg_search` extension, adding it to the list of currently enabled libraries. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the  `pg_search` extension library. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).
```

> You can enable preload available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the library for the `pg_search` extension, adding it to the list of currently enabled libraries. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable available libraries using the `preloaded_libraries` object in a [Create project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject) or [Update project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/updateproject) API call. For example, this `Update project` call enables the library for the `pg_search` extension, adding it to the list of currently enabled libraries. When running this call, you have to provide a [Neon project ID](/docs/reference/glossary#project-id) and a [Neon API key](/docs/manage/api-keys).
```

```bash
curl --request PATCH \
    --url https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/projects/tight-sun-03508585 \
    --header 'accept: application/json' \
    --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY' \
    --header 'content-type: application/json' \
    --data '
{
  "project": {
    "settings": {
      "preload_libraries": {
        "enabled_libraries": [
          "neon","pg_stat_statements","timescaledb","pg_cron","pg_partman_bgw","rag_bge_small_en_v15,rag_jina_reranker_v1_tiny_en","pg_search"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
'
```

When running a `Create project` or `Update project` API:
    
  - Library names must be quoted, comma-separated, and specified in a single string.

>   - Specify all libraries that should be enabled. If a library is not included in the API call, it will not remain enabled

Author: ```suggestion
  - Specify all libraries that should be enabled. If a library is not included in the API call, it will not be enabled
```

>   - The `use_defaults": true` option overrides the `"enabled_libraries"` option, enabling only default libraries

Author: ```suggestion
  - The "use_defaults": true` option overrides the `"enabled_libraries"` option, enabling only default libraries
```
